#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extarticle
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{color}
\definecolor{hellgelb}{rgb}{1,1,0.90}
\definecolor{colKeys}{rgb}{0,0,1}
\definecolor{colIdentifier}{rgb}{0,0,0}
\definecolor{colComments}{rgb}{0,0.5,0}
\definecolor{colString}{rgb}{1,0,0}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 1.8cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 1.8cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\listings_params "backgroundcolor={\color{hellgelb}},basicstyle={\footnotesize\ttfamily},breakautoindent=true,breakindent=10pt,breaklines=true,captionpos=t,columns=fixed,commentstyle={\itshape\color{colComments}},extendedchars=true,float=hbp,frame=single,framerule=1pt,identifierstyle={\color{colIdentifier}},keywordstyle={\color{colKeys}},language=Matlab,numbers=left,numbersep=1em,numberstyle={\tiny\ttfamily},showspaces=false,showstringspaces=false,stringstyle={\color{colString}},tabsize=4"
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section

\lang english
Policy Rules
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Fixed Mix Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
A possible policy rule is to implement a strategy with a fixed amount of
 total capital in each of the three possible assets (cash, stock, and bonds)
 with a fixed amount in the overlay commodities index.
 This rule can be good for long term investing, but does not take into account
 Jennifer's age or how close she is to attaining her goals.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Variable Fixed Mix Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
lalala
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Bogle Variant Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
The Bogle variant method would have Jennifer invest 100 minus her age in
 stocks and the remainder of her savings in bonds and cash (as well as the
 overlay).
 This rule is a simplistic way to have Jennifer invest in a more conservative
 way as she approaches retirement.
 We feel that this rule is overly simplistic and we see this in the performance
 of the strategy.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Contingent Risk Adjustment Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
lalala
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Funding Ratio Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
This method takes into account Jennifer's funding ratio and uses it as a
 metric to assess her asset allocation.
 As Jennifer's funding ratio approaches one, we assume that she will want
 to invest more conservatively to be more certain that she will reach her
 goals.
 With this rule, Jennifer will be more certain that she will be able to
 fund her retirement by a given age, but she will be less likely to have
 the opportunity to retire early.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\lang english
Fixed Juncture Rule
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
This rule incorporates the fixed mix policy rule with something like the
 Bogle variant rule.
 Instead of changing the percentages in each asset annually, we instead
 change the percentages every ten years so that Jennifer can keep a higher
 percentage of her assets in stocks for longer.
 This methodology would hopefully lead to Jennifer having a higher probability
 of retiring at an earlier age.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
